hey guys so today I have a urban
outfitters hole and it's just a bunch of
different clothing pieces and some
jewelry accessories and a pair of shoes
so I'm going to just show you what I
picked up it's definitely like kind of a
random poll I have a few items i'm kind
of using for the end of summer and then
few different things that I feel like I
could bring it to fall and then one
piece that I really want for like the
fall and winter so I'm gonna go ahead
and just get started with all things
that i bought from Urban Outfitters so I
actually went to the actual source oh
I'm not sure how that will compared to
if you are looking online but i'll go
ahead and lengthy online store if you
might check it out as well because
sometimes they have like exclusive
things online that they don't actually
sell in the store and kind of vice versa
so first i got a pair of shoes and this
is first of all what the packaging looks
like i actually love this bag because it
at paisley print on it this bag this box
it has like a cool paisley print it just
it's cute i don't know i almost might
keep it to keep something in because
it's like a cute shoe box um so go ahead
and show you what these look like
alright so in urban outfitters they have
a ton of different boots on display and
these are just like little ankle booties
with it a little wooden heel and these
are just like a suede kind of brown and
they have like a little on the way that
they're made it's like a little bit
higher up in the back and then it kind
of dips down in the front and I like
that because I feel like it gives them
more like slender look to your on your
ankle like you're like and i also like
it just looks a little bit more feminine
with that little kind of dip instead of
just like straight cut off and i don't
know i think they're really cute they're
very comfortable because this is such a
thick like heel and they're not very
tall but they add a little bit of height
and i think i'm going to wear these on
and the beginning of falls like jean
shorts like a loose like Bobby like
shirt and then into fall probably like
tights and little dresses or even with
some really skinny jeans sucked in I
just
they're really cute and they're gonna
work with a lot of different things I
was like the brown because they're not
too dressy I wanted them kind of a
little bit more casual and I don't know
I really like them and these are size
seven people sometimes ask what size
shoe eyewear eyewear seven and they fit
pretty like true to size and stuff so I
like the youth and these are just the
first thing that I got from Urban
Outfitters now the next thing that I got
is something that I have been looking
for if you obviously you know my channel
is Megan arts makeup if you're watching
this video so when I saw people that had
these heart sunglasses I saw a few
photos on Instagram I knew that I wanted
some so I actually found them at urban
outfitters and yeah they're just big
heart sunglasses and I know they're
going to silly but I actually think
they're really cute I mean with your
hair down and stuff you kind of can't
fill out their hearts until you get
close and you see but I kind of stuff
like a brown almost reddish tint and
then like the little silver I'm
detailing and a rim around them and I
think they're really cute and like
summary even though it's kind of
becoming the end of summer but I don't
know I'm gonna wear them throughout fall
and everything I think there's totally
adorable so if you want to check out
those hearts and offices you can find
them at Urban Outfitters alright the
next things that I got are some
headbands they had some super cute
headbands so this first one is black and
it has a big bow on it I feel like the
black and white will match a lot of
things and I love the bow especially for
one I wear like my hair like up in a bun
or something I love having head being on
just to kind of add a little bit of
something to it this next one I
absolutely love these almost look like
kind of like I is it kind of reminded me
slightly like an evil eye but it doesn't
have the blue it's like just a little
black stone and it's like silver around
it and this is super super well made it
feels really sturdy like it's not going
to break anything it's kind of heavy
almost but I think this is just I don't
know I really like it I think it's
really cute and just it's very
interesting looking so that's what it
looks like in the hair and I believe
they had this also in gold if you would
rather have go
I like the way the silver and black
looked and the last time that I got is
just this one it has kind of like just
like a funky pattern in like a bunch of
different colors and it's kind of a
thicker like knit headband almost not
want to be clothes that I picked up I
hit the sale rack and I found so many
cute little tops because it stays hot in
Texas like until honestly it's and start
getting kind of cool to like end of
october or early november so i can wear
tank tops and stuff like through obvious
in September and I'm fine with that so
anyways i got this first top and it's
like this loose tank top and it has like
a blue purple tie guy and I really loved
it from the back the back has this like
awesome like cut out all the way down
the back and then it's kind of like I
don't know it's like twisted or kind of
almost looks like it's braided or
something I think it's really cute you
probably learned to do this on your own
but I know I thought it was adorable and
yeah I really like this i love the
colors and stuff which is pretty and
then the next one I don't want to tie
dye and notice i guess i was like drawn
to all the time I items or they're all
on the sale rack I don't know so this
other top is just like a blue and it
kind of fades and then there's like pink
on the bottom and the cool thing about
this is the sides or like kind of cut up
on the sides so it's not really a crop
top but it does kind of show like the
size of your skin and stuff so if you
don't like that you could wear like
high-waisted shorts or something or like
high-waisted jeans or something that
doesn't show but if you're wearing it as
like a swimsuit cover-up or something I
think that's totally cute and then this
next shirt is like a little bit out of
my comfort zone and my style but I
really actually liked it on and it's
really comfortable it's like just this
kind of grayish black shirt and it has
come back slaps arm holes and then it
has like the fringe all down the bottom
and on the sides and it just took
something like I would wear like a music
festival called ACL that we have every
year in Austin and it's very like a thin
comfortable shirt
I like all the detail that has with
little fringe and this next shirt that I
got is super cute it's almost like a
Greek yeah it's like a green color but I
feel like it's going to show up kind of
gray on camera but just like a normal
kind of flirty tank top with lace and
ruffles and then this middle part is all
crochet and so it's like open in the
middle and that's just adorable i think
with like some dark jeans and like even
like those little boots you like some
strappy sandals like this is just such a
cute little top so i also love that this
is like a dark green color because even
though it seems summary we like this
with this cutout middle i can definitely
bring this into fall by pairing like a
leather jacket or like a cardigan over
it because it is kind of more of a fall
colors so i love that and what I found
that and then the last thing I got our
pair of shorts that are the cheeky
high-rise style by the brand bdg and
these are definitely going to be worn it
at the end of this summer I can't really
transition these into fall because
they're super bright but I really love
them and they look really nice on there
just like these bright yellow and like
it fades into white shorts and they're
cute and I don't know I just I really
wanted them and I like the way they look
on so it wasn't going to show off if you
have any bit of a tan or any color or
anything so that is everything that I
got from urban outfitters thank you guys
so much for watching this whole and if
you guys enjoy it again if you want to
check anything out that I showed it
might be kind of hard to find some of
the pieces just because I did go to the
sale rack and I found a bunch of like
random things are like thrown in but you
want to go ahead and check online maybe
you would have some luck on there or
maybe even find some pieces that you
can't find in the sort so again I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and I'll see
you guys next time bye everyone